== 4.0.4

* New Features

  * Support the ratio data type

== 4.0.3

* New Features

  * Support unicode-range

* Bugfixes

  * Blank stylesheet is now considered valid
  * Fix long parsing times on certain unusual comment constructs
  * Reduce memory usage when parsing long (data:) URIs

== 4.0.2

* Bugfixes

  * Allow @font-face in places where it should be allowed

== 4.0.1

* Bugfixes

  * Update parsing for calc
  * Update parsing for Mozilla-specific pseudo elements

== 4.0.0

* New Features

  * Support for parsing many new CSS features, including `:not`, `calc`, and `@supports`.
  * Line number and context in parser error messages
  * Some nodes types will remember their start and end positions, allowing developers to retrieve their original code.

* Bugfixes

  * Updated parsing for unusual syntax.

== 3.0.2

* New Features

  * Support IE Safe Hacks [stereobooster]

* Bugfixes

  * Fix #23 - set up CSSPool.CSS so it can read files. [Mike Tierney]

== 3.0.1

* New Features

  * 'Minified' CSS output: passing :minify => true to a to_css call will omit
  line breaks
  * Added Gemfile

* Bugfixes

  * Parse properties without semi-colons at the end of a declaration.
  [stereobooster]
  * Handle whitespaces after properties [stereobooster]

== 3.0.0

* New Features

  * Pure ruby: no longer uses C based back end.

== 2.0.0

* Bugfixes

  * Uh...  Many.

* New Features

  * Now wraps libcroco via FFI

== 0.2.6

* Fix comment greediness. [Seth Rasmussen]

== 0.2.5

* Accepting spaces after error rules.
* Comments with asterisks tokenize correctly. [Seth Rasmussen]
* Stop polluting the global namespace with includes. [Thomas Kadauke]

== 0.2.4

* Fixed error handling on at rules.  Thanks Dan for tests!
* Made specificity an array
* Made StyleSheet::Rule comparable on specificity

== 0.2.3

* Fixed a bug where nil selectors on conditional selectors were being visited.

== 0.2.2

* I suck.

== 0.2.1

* Recovering from unexpected tokens in the properties section.

== 0.2.0

* Added CSS::SAC::Parser#parse_rule to parse a single rule.
* Added CSS::StyleSheet#find_rule for finding a particular rule.
* Added CSS::StyleSheet#rules_matching for finding all rules matching a node.
* Added CSS::StyleSheet#create_rule for creating a new rule.
* Added CSS::StyleSheet#find_all_rules_matching for finding all rules that match
  any node in the passed in document.
* Added .eql? to selector AST
* Added .hash to selector AST 
* Added .eql? to LexicalUnits 
* Added .hash to LexicalUnits 
* Added CSS::StyleSheet#to_css
* Added CSS::StyleSheet#reduce!
* CSS::StyleSheet is now the default document handler

== 0.1.1

* Added specificity to selectors.
* Added == to selector ASTs.
* Added =~ to selector ASTs.  The object passed in to =~ must quack like an
  hpricot node.  It must implement the following methods: name, parent, child,
  next_sibling, attributes.
* Added .to_xpath to the selector AST.
* Fixed a bug where functions as pseudo classes didn't parse.

== 0.1.0

* Birthday!

